I've put so much work into these the
anti-vegan videos just trying to promote
health and stop this movement which is
killing people making them sick what I
want to ask for our donations
essentially I somehow gotta get money
now I make videos about eating raw meat
the natural human diet
I make anti vegan videos because
plant-based diets are the number one
reason why human health has been
destroyed 602 dollars per month most of
you know that I don't get any money from
YouTube I've never got one cent from
YouTube because they disabled the
Adsense ten years ago when I made the
account and they don't answer my emails
nothing because they hate my channel
it's obvious you which is all about
veganism and of course this is all very
unstable anyway because my YouTube
account could get bad anytime a lot of
you asked me or the last years months
where I get money and how for the raw
meat and everything and the thing is
that I had a girlfriend who I split up
it now whose parents are millionaires
and they gave me 500 euros at least
every month usually more so I never had
to think about money and I would never
make a video like this and actually
can't stand videos like this when people
make them but I'm in a situation where I
gotta do it I pretty much can't afford
this diet anymore
because I don't get the money anymore
because I met somebody else and I chose
her over everything else and I was
actually gonna move to the Canary
Islands I had already planned it out
because the parents are gonna pay for it
so financially I was all set and I gave
it all up for somebody else and now
because plant-based diets are the number
one reason why human health has been
destroyed 602 dollars per month the
thought that we'll have been running
through many of your minds is this what
were his girlfriend's parents thinking
when they decided to become donors and
patrons supporting this particular cause
his bizarre political slash nutritional
movement to destroy veganism were they
themselves true believers in what he was
preaching did they just sort of tolerate
it did they think well our daughter
loves this guy so even if he's a little
bit crazy or this is a waste of time and
money he will support this undertaking
it's it's just interesting to imagine
who those people must have been or how
they must have felt about their daughter
and their money being devoted to
supporting this this particular cause
but for me a lot watching this I'm also
self-critical and looking at the the
parallelisms you know I have to think
about how my girlfriend's parents right
now in real life how they regard me and
my pursuit of my equally
incomprehensible right because I know my
girlfriend's parents regarded veganism
as a cult when I first got involved with
my girlfriend her parents denounced me
as a cult leader her parents and at
least one of her brothers I forget if it
was both wrote denouncing me the
harshest terms possible comparing me to
Jim Jones and Jonestown and and really
seriously saying that veganism was a
dangerous cult that she was being drawn
deeper and deeper into and to be honest
with you that creates a rift between me
and them that's never gonna be bridged
it's never gonna be okay we're never
gonna be cool with each other me and her
parents me turbos it's been a year and a
half now it's not getting better it's
also not getting worse but there's a
very real sense in which they don't
support anything I'm doing or ever would
be doing like you know in terms of
veganism or my career or activism this
YouTube channel obviously but they also
don't support my aspirations just even
in baking baking bread baking cakes
vegan cuisine they have zero sympathy
for that and zero zero support for that
so that's
that's not something's gonna go away and
I know it and my girlfriend knows it
again you can just imagine again I I
don't have to imagine an alternate
reality in which I have a girlfriend who
is a millionaire as this guy claims his
eyes Grover mouths I could just have a
nice girlfriend who was middle class or
even poor but whose parents actively
supported this actively wanted to see he
can imagine but I could have a
girlfriend and their parents are poor
but they sincerely sympathise with and
support veganism you know again I might
have had a girlfriend his parents were
poor but sincerely supported Buddhism in
that earlier period of my life and that
would change everything you know for
better maybe for worse and again looking
back at my life what if I had stayed on
one of those paths because I had more
support to do so I wouldn't be in this
situation I mean I'm in now for better
and for worse now I admit all of the
causes have been involved in political
ethical ecological the ecologic us also
linguistic all of them are of more
self-evident value than the particular
cause of promoting you know meat-eating
and in trying to UM try to debunk
veganism this guy's on but nevertheless
you have to admit from an outsider's
perspective from the perspective of
unsympathetic and in comprehending
parents or your mother-in-law your
father-in-law however you want to put it
there's a kind of parallelism here that
for me is striking and worth reflecting
on worth exploring in my own life past
present and future most you guys
probably know this about me regular
viewers would know this about me but
they probably never thought it through
explicitly now I used to be a scholar
researching Buddhism no I didn't just do
the language in the religion I also did
history and politics subjects like
slavery that Buddhist monks don't want
to talk about like the history of
slavery with him but ISM history of
imperialism and anti-imperialism so
political stuff but it also did the hard
work of learning the ancient language
the scriptures are written now think
about how different my whole life would
be if I had been born with parents
who supported that kind of scholarship
think about how different my entire life
would be if I'd met a wealthy girlfriend
whose parents supported that kind of
scholarship you know what
take the word wealthy out of the
equation like let's just say I met a
middle-class Chinese girl just a family
that wasn't poor because I mean the
amount of money it takes to support
scholarship of that kind is is really
nothing this guy was saying he was
living on maybe 500 euros a month um but
even including making trips to visit you
know archeological sites with ancient
stone inscriptions or manuscript Oriya
and archives was very very cheap I know
exactly how cheap it was to be that kind
of Buddhist scholar cuz I did it with no
support from my parents and with no
support from any girlfriend or
girlfriends parents in fact during that
whole time in my life I literally never
owned a credit card I never owned a
credit card and I never owned a mobile
phone in my life I lived a very very
cheap existence and I paid my own way
you guys will have gathered my
relationship with my parents was very
negative and had a period of 10 years
where we we were not on speaking terms
at all and you know it's true if I used
to say this to them I said look I
remember I said this directly to them
and these words said look if I step on a
landmine if I accidentally injure myself
I will reach out to you I will call you
for help oh but that's about what it'll
take if it's not something as serious as
me stepping on a land line like don't
don't expect the air for me and what can
I tell you I was lucky but obviously my
whole life would be profoundly different
it would have been different
going through these different phases if
either my parents or my girlfriend's
parents had supported that no I could
say the same but the period of my life
war was more interest in humanitarian
work a war was more interest in the
publishing industry you know publishing
nonfiction and nonprofit and
humanitarian stuff sorry not wasn't
interested in the for-profit pulp
fiction industry or something wasn't
interested in the side of the publishing
where money can be made um if I'd had
parents or girlfriends parents you know
who supported that and again you can
imagine the long-term effects might be
very negative if I had well it's easy to
imagine what if I'd had a girlfriend
whose parents were wealthy and really
supported the direction I took on when I
was passionate about First Nations
peoples and First Nations languages that
means languages like crea GOI Mohawk
Inuit languages that are native to
indigenous to Canada in the United
States and I was interested again in
politics and history not just
linguistics or not just you know not
just culture or something but you know
education and language obviously that
would have taken my whole life you know
in a very different direction again so
you know whether you think of these
things with humility or with egoism like
I mean some people will just see this
any of this this really is part of the
the asymmetrical gender binary in
Western culture in a recent video
talking about kal-el I drew attach to
the fact that many of the things about
this woman kal-el
many things about her would be judged
very harshly if they were true of a man
in terms of how she lives her life the
choices she's made given the
opportunities that she dad what she's
done with her life
this would be judged this you've judged
is evil for a man to do but you know for
a woman to do the same things in our
culture at this time it's sort of sort
of grudgingly accepted I mean it's not
quite normal but it's certainly not
condemned as evil and you know by the
same token this story that this anti
vegan activist is telling I think that
would be accepted as as normal or
inevitable if it were a young woman
telling the same story
and yet it's somehow still jarring and
and disconcerting you know for a young
man any serious relationship is gonna
involve money even if it doesn't involve
kids doesn't involve owning a home any
relationship of any depth or durability
is gonna involve money and it's of no
benefit to anyone to be dishonest with
yourself or others
about what your socio-economic
expectations are what your
socio-economic aspirations are and what
your socio-economic limitations are
you've got to be honest with yourself
you got to be honest the people you're
dating the people you're sleeping with
the people you're getting married to
whatever it may be and yeah in this case
in this surreal scenario I can commend
this guy for his honesty I want to be
clear that when I criticized kal-el in
the earlier video it's not really that
she openly aspires to marry a wealthy
man that I despise it's not that she
wants a man who will buy her a house by
buyer were held home and provide her
with a certain quality of life that I
despise that in itself in absolute
isolation I think is not so despicable
the problem really is the indirect
knock-on effect on your aspirations here
and now very very few people have the
self-discipline to pursue meaningful
aspirations and whether that's learning
Chinese or reading Aristotle or but you
know doing some kind of research or
charity work something positive to
improve who you are as a person to make
the world a better place very few people
had the self-discipline to pursue those
positive aspirations when they don't
have a job
forcing them to do it or a very clear
career path tied doing it when they
don't have someone like a professor or
even a military instructor standing over
them cross examine and forces them to do
it and the problem is exactly that with
someone like Hallel or many people like
a little once they get into their minds
that this is in effect their career path
or their destiny perhaps then the sense
of responsibility for being all you can
be for developing yourself
intellectually morally
and yeah I mean you know again not all
ambitions have to do with money
not all ambitions have to do with career
but the the discipline of really
pursuing your own ambitions for yourself
for others to make the world a better
place in general where that is eroded
because of the presumption that your
purpose in life is merely to enchant and
ensnare someone who's going to take care
of you now there's nothing inevitable
about these two things there's no reason
why one will inexorably lead to or be
linked to the other but you do not have
to be a student of human nature for very
long to see that for both men and women
this is a trap that that so many of us
can fall into and you know the opposite
character type really is Melissa's
character so my current girlfriend
Melissa she's very much the opposite
when she doesn't have to work when she
doesn't have a job
when she doesn't have a deadline she's
red she's Restless
she's antsy she's uncomfortable she's
gotta be doing something worthwhile and
you know she demands to know from me and
from the world right she's like okay
what what should I be working on now you
know she can come up with that answer
herself if I wasn't here she would come
up with sign but it's great that in a
collaborative way she could sit down and
talk to me and say okay should she be
studying Chinese should she be learning
French should she be reading Aristotle
should she be spending her time just
focusing on baking or dealing with other
economic and pragmatic elements of the
life we have that's unfolding but you
know in our culture that's not regarded
positively to be a nancy character to be
a restless character to be someone who
wants to to be someone who can't just
settle down and enjoy the lassitude that
this life affords them that's regarded
very negatively but actually I think
it's a tremendously positive instinct
it's an instinct
will lead you down the road to a
meaningful life and will lead you down
the road away from a meaningless death a
virus yen